CPP-2441: Document some known issues in v4 migration (#811)
Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit: docs/migration-guides/v4.md

Once `npx dotcom-tool-kit --help` is no longer reporting any configuration or plugin errors, run `npx dotcom-tool-kit --install`. This will regenerate your `package.json` and `.circleci/config.yml`. If you've previously opted out of having your `.circleci/config.yml`, the new version of Tool Kit might not be able to validate it; [get in touch with the Platforms team](https://financialtimes.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02TRE2V2Q1) and we'll help you update it. Note that Tool Kit v4 makes CircleCI config file generation much more configurable and flexible, so in many cases you'll no longer have to opt out of config file management.

> [!NOTE]

> > The `nodeVersion` option for the CircleCI plugin has been renamed to `cimgNodeVersions` which takes an array value but our `--help` validator doesn't currently report that. Please double-check the Node version generated in your CircleCI config to ensure it is the same version specified in the `.toolkitrc.yml` file and has not reverted to a default `v18.x`. We are working on a fix to ensure the validator reports this when you run `npx dotcom-tool-kit --help`.

Reviewer: **todo**: `--help` doesn't run any special validation – options are validated on any Tool Kit invocation. we only suggest using `--help` in this guide as it's a non-destructive call. let's update this wording so we don't inadvertently imply otherwise.

```suggestion
> The `nodeVersion` option for the CircleCI plugin has been renamed to `cimgNodeVersions` which takes an array value but our option validation doesn't currently report that. Please double-check the Node version generated in your CircleCI config to ensure it is the same version specified in the `.toolkitrc.yml` file and has not reverted to a default `v18.x`. We are working on a fix to ensure the validator reports this when you run a Tool Kit command.
```

Author: Done, thanks
